Add documentation for optional questions (#22)
wayfair-incubator/columbo: docs/usage-guide.md

`Confirm` doesn't take any additional arguments that weren't [mentioned above](#all-questions). However, the `default`
argument takes a `bool` instead of `str`.

## Only Asking Some Questions

> There are situations where a question should be asked some times, but not all the time. A program that is collects
> information about a user's pets should not ask the user for the dog's name and breed if the user said they do not have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are situations where a question should be asked some times, but not all the time. For example, a program that collects
information about a user's pets should not ask the user for the dog's name and breed if the user said they do not have a
```

adventure. These choices introduce diverging paths of interactions that may or may not join at the end.

!!! warning Be careful when skipping a question
    When `columbo` skips over a question, the `Answers` dictionary will **NOT** contain a key-value pair for the
    skipped question. The examples below will demonstrate this result.

### Optional Questions

The following is a basic example that has two optional questions that are not asked based on the answer to the first
question.

```python
import columbo

def does_user_have_a_dog(answers: columbo.Answers) -> bool:
    return answers["has_dog"]

interactions = [
    columbo.Confirm("has_dog", "Do you have a dog?", default=True),
    columbo.BasicQuestion(
        "dog_name",
        "What is the name of the dog?",
        should_ask=does_user_have_a_dog,
        default="Kaylee"
    ),
    columbo.BasicQuestion(
        "dog_breed",
        "What is the breed of the dog?",
        should_ask=does_user_have_a_dog,
        default="Basset Hound"
    )
]

user_answers = columbo.get_answers(interactions)
print(user_answers)
```

> If the user accepts the default answers for each of these questions, the output will be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user accepts the default answers for each of these questions, the output will be:
```

```
{"has_dog": True, "dog_name": "Kaylee", "dog_breed": "Basset Hound"}
```

> However, when the user answers the first question with no, the output will be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, when the user answers the first question with "no", the output will be:
```

```
{"has_dog": False}
```

Note that in this case, the `Answers` dictionary only has an answer to the first question.

### Branching Paths

> A question that is part of a branching path very similar to an optional question. It is still a question where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A question that is part of a branching path is very similar to an optional question. It is still a question where
```

> `should_ask` was given to determine if the question should be skipped our not. The branching aspect comes there being at
> least two sets of optional questions. Each set has a `should_ask` argument that checks for a different state for a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `should_ask` function was provided to determine if the question should be skipped or not. The branching aspect comes there being at
least two sets of optional questions. Each set has a `should_ask` argument that checks for a different state for a
```

single answer. In this way, only one of the sets of optional questions will ever be asked.

> The following is an example of a short story that has two divergent paths that join at the end. Each individual question
> isn't different from the optional questions [demonstrated above](#optional-questions). The program achieves the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example of a short story that has two divergent paths that join at the end. Each individual question
is an example of the optional questions [demonstrated above](#optional-questions). The program achieves the
```

Author: What I was trying to convey here is that questions used for branching are optional questions used in a specific way. I think the suggested change moves the sentence away from conveying that information. Do you have an idea that would better describe that aspect of the concept?
